recently stavropol
Maslenitsa has passed and it means there is such a disk
will hope in the earth
from it fried pancakes that is poured
dough yes well we will be here with a shovel that is
10 this one of the paddles were produced and I have
here is the process of the exhibition itself and if I
I took a shovel from you in pancakes for a long time
you get sick from the border
Well, that is, how would you not seem to me
sour cream
it's dangerous well and everything is long
you may have heard recently been such that
pieces of Stavropol was such a disk on earth
fly to the left and sting pancakes or
people
and such a question and see if a lot
helped by anti-semites i'm there it's all on
there is no clear land there who think
think yes or no probably no and you
would eat with a shovel
through the fence no but thank you very much overall
thank
yep steel from the paws of blitz shovels no them
I wouldn’t have no August
do you think
well, and you do not give as here with
how
in the stern you know the limit all right
okay we take humiliation how about 13 well
probably all the same and therefore if you
certainly special as i'm good
the lands are flooded
me your opinion that it is to spend well
anyway thanks all the wrong she
here are singing and pompeii
he was young and
Shambala and in
when we warm on a shovel, that is, a letter
could not break my leg anywhere
mud
got out of principles from i would become status
also not that is yes yes no and why will
you became not send it seems to me but a shovel
may be pure ocean crowded or
but this is no longer the fact that this pancake
how would be the reward for what you
come then you wouldn't you eat
pancake with shovels
all wheels
I didn't either but you would
damn weak oklick one question would you
there is a pancake with a shovel does not think ok
steel platoon there is a pancake from a shovel
style
Well Sloboda I mean I take a shovel and on
shovel clay would give you if I Stalinist
me if i cook them here on earth he
On this disc, I updated a large current
there dough and therefore give praise
would twist and give you over the barrier
this need to think
not see
denyo